Bellevue, WA – March 6, 2012 – BSQUARE Corporation (NASDAQ: BSQR), a leading enabler of smart,
®
connected devices, today announced general availability of the next generation Snapdragon S4
MSM8960 Mobile Development Platform (MDP) for Android smartphones. The MDP provides application
developers and device manufacturers with early access to a high-performance Android 4.0 platform for
developing, testing, optimizing and showcasing applications and games.
Based on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon S4 MSM8960 processor with asynchronous dual Krait CPU cores,
®
the high-quality mobile phone form factor offers more powerful built-in graphics with the Adreno 225
GPU and improved power management and multimedia efficiencies. The device also has a higher
resolution and larger screen size than prior generation MDPs.
“Getting to market with the best possible application in the fastest possible time is critical for today’s
Android application developers,” said John Traynor, Vice President of Products, Bsquare. “Early access
to the Snapdragon MSM8960 processor by Qualcomm, combined with best-in-class engineering support
and testing solutions from Bsquare, provides a major benefit to application and game developers
developing for a wide range of pre-commercial devices.”
As with previous generations of the MDP, Bsquare will support developers and manufacturers using the
Snapdragon MSM8960-based MDP with engineering services, technical support and access to the
Bsquare Knowledge Base, technical documentation, complimentary tools and Snapdragon MDP software
updates. Users of the Snapdragon MSM8960-based MDP can also benefit from the industry-leading
TestQuest automated testing solutions from Bsquare, which support testing of Android software and
hardware including the Snapdragon MSM8960-based MDP.
“We are pleased to continue our work with Bsquare on the next generation of the Snapdragon MDP,” said
Tia Cassett, Senior Director of Business Development, Qualcomm. “The combination of a powerful
developer device in the Snapdragon MSM8960-based MDP and industry-leading services from Bsquare
means faster time-to-market for Android developers.”
“In our development efforts with the Snapdragon MSM8960 MDP, we found that it really gave us a
competitive edge since it gave us early access to a development platform running the latest Snapdragon
processors,” said Didier Pippel, Executive Producer, Khaeon Gamestudio. “The Snapdragon MDP
enabled us to push our game quality and user experience to the next level with higher-end visual effects
and faster performance. Combined with valuable development and optimization tools like the Adreno
Profiler, developing on the Snapdragon MDP really helped us deliver a better product in a shorter time
and even at less cost.”
The Snapdragon MSM8960-based MDP, available at www.bsquare.com/qualcomm, includes the
Snapdragon MSM8960-based smartphone form-factor with a 4.03" WVGA responsive multi-touch touch
screen display, asynchronous dual-core CPUs running independently at 1.5 GHz, Adreno 225 GPU,
13MP rear camera, 2MP front camera, stereo loudspeakers, 1GB of RAM and 16GB of storage memory.
Qualcomm is helping developers optimize their applications for Snapdragon platforms by providing MDP-
®
specific tools including the Adreno Profiler for optimizing 3D graphics performance and the Trepn Profiler
for optimizing application power u

